    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Semantic HTML refers to elements in HTML that clealy define content

    2. What is HTML used for? 
	It is a language for creating webpages.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	Attributes provide information to HTML elements. They do something specific in the language.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	H1 indictates the most important heading of the page. Limit it to the most important parts.
	
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	Input and select.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	You would put the title of the page along with other things that aren't explicitly shown on the page.

    7. What is an id? 
	The ID attribute creates a unique ID for an HTML element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	An ID can be used for any HTML element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Once in a document.

    10. What is a class?
	An attribute that specifies class names for an element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Can be used for an HTML element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	As many times as you wish.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	Include target="_blank" to your anchor tag.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	It is alternate text for an image, in case it cannot be displayed on the browser.

    15. How do I reference an id?
	With a hashmark.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	Section is semantic HTML, div is non-semantic.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
	CSS is used to style a webpage
	
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2 {

	}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	ID's are unique, classes are not. When you want to consistently style multiple elements on the page,
	use class. When wanting to style a single element specifically and override other attributes, use ID

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	With a "."
	
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human
	
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	Selecting a class nested inside another class. When you want to change the style of child element and not
	effect those under the parent or sharing the same class.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div .sidebar a {
	

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	It's used to define a special state of an element.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing:
	
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform:  uppercase;
	text-transform: lowercase;
	text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	div {
	  border-style: dotted;
	  border-color: black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	* {

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/* */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	git status

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	git ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm. Because there is no feedback and no way to retrieve the file once deleted.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
	To always have every modification made to source code.
	
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	Whenever you change something.
	
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	Create your own version - Fork
	Add TL as collab
	Clone your repo
	Create a branch
	push your branch
	Pull Request
	add TL as reviewer on pull request
	
	

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	Block element always starts on a new line and takes full width available
	Inline element does not start on a new line and only takes as much width as necessary.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
	

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
    
    https://codepen.io/JChinchilla91/pen/YzPJOve?editors=1100 